so far?
So, we have a community space, um, this is how it kind of looks.
And, um, you can create a post,
And, um, I'm gonna follow up with you directly from
from, uh, from this community space.
If you do have questions, um,
Um, my suggestion is to post them… post the questions directly on this community space.
Um, rather than direct messaging me directly, if possible,
Um, because, like, other learners might have the same…
questions as you do, and, like, by posting those questions,
You'll be helping other learners, too, in your cohort.
Okay.
Oh, and by the way, in this presentation, feel free to interrupt me anytime, and I'm…
Um, I may not look at the, uh, what… what… okay.
Yeah, it would all hurt.
Okay. So, thank you very much for the opportunity.
Yeah.
I probably had my Android, but there was a message from someone
And also, for me, the person is trying to inform you that
For 7 employees.
our default, um…
presentation or communication platform for presentations like this is not Zoom, it's Teams.
Hmm. Hmm.
So, and we are actually not allowed to install
Zoom, but somehow, because…
Without difficulty…
seen other persons in teams, we somehow just…
temporarily decided to install this Zoom, so I don't know how you will help.
Hmm.
those of us who are primary…
museum to attend this meeting is Teams.
Because nobody's there.
Right.
Oh. Yeah, um…
This session is not being conducted in Teams.
Yeah, that's… that's the thing. That's one thing I'm also wondering, because, like, in past sessions with, uh, with Chevron,
Uh, we usually use Microsoft Teams.
But for some reason, they changed it to Zoom this time.
Um, if I had to guess, it's probably, uh, to allow me to
um, have more features.
Um, to use in the presentation.
Um, like, like in Zoom, I see that I can create polls, survey, and I can even define you into groups.
Um, which allows you to, like,
Um, well, which allow us to do more things, really, in the presentation, which is kind of nice.
So, yeah.
Okay.
Okay, thank you.
But I'll be sure to ask them, for sure, um, and I'm gonna post in the community if we have an answer.
From the… from either Udeski or Chefron, alright? So why do we…
switch to Microsoft, uh, to Zoom, by the way.
Okay, and, um, yeah.
Thanks for the investment.
Yeah, no problem at all.
And yeah, uh… right before…
Um… uh…
right before, um, I…
I ask Udo, I actually wanted to say that I don't see the, uh, the hand raised all the time.
So, um, feel free to interrupt me by, like,
just by making a noiser or anything, right?
So, if hand-raise doesn't help, just interrupt me anytime.
Okay.
Alright, so the strategy to complete this course…
Um, I find it…
um… personally,
For me, uh, it… to move things faster,
Um, I prefer to start working on my projects.
Work until I'm stuck, and when I'm stuck, only when I'm stuck, I'm gonna go back to the lessons.
And, um…
I'm gonna keep learning from the videos, from the classroom.
Until I found the answer to my questions, or… or…
Or until I… I was able to unstuck myself.
Um, this is like, um…
for me, I find, like,
goal-based learning, uh, helps me better.
if I have a purpose, I have a goal, it makes it easier for me to learn.
But, yeah, some people might find it easier to go through the basics, and that's alright, too.
That said, though, um, many of the course exercises are
are found to be helpful for many Python beginners. So, um, I do suggest that you
take a look at each of them, and try to complete them.
And by the way, to complete a course,
You don't have to complete all the exercises, alright? You just need to complete the…
Um, in this… in this course, for example, these two projects, Explore U.S. Bike Share Data,
And exploring near-Earth objects.
Okay, now let's go through the basics of… of…
Python programming.
Okay, so, um…
In any programming languages, um,
they all have variables, data types, and operators. Remind me if there's any
programming language that, uh,
that doesn't have, like, any of this tree.
I think even assembly…
Yeah, no, assembly maybe don't have data types.
Um…
Alright, so, um…
this, uh, these are the examples of variables.
A value can be assigned to a variable.
For example, if I… if I write this, CT equals to Chicago,
then I… that means I store the value Chicago in the variable called city.
And those variables may have different types.
like, um, string, in this case.
serving is the same as text.
or, uh, floating numbers,
Or even, like, true or false, which is… which we call Boolean value.
Um, they also can have, um, complex types.
list tuple dictionary and sets.
Um…
What are complex types? Those are, like, the array, uh,
Those are, like, if you want to store multiple values in a set, uh, in a variable, for example, you can store it in any of those.
Okay. And…
You can obviously also perform some operations.
mathematical operations, and the two equal signs here is called the equal operator.
it's to convert…
um, the operation into Boolean value.
So, in this case, for example,
is we can double equals false. It basically asks,
Um, uh, if…
is we can if equals false, then it's gonna return true.
Okay. Uh, Python also have, uh, type conversion.
like this, uh, it converts…
the right cost into a string.
Okay, uh, so for… for anybody new to programming, this may sound confusing, so let's… let's try to demo it on the workspace. Um, this is actually also a good time to…
to introduce you to the, um…
to the workspace in Udacity platform.
So, the thing is, like, it's gonna be really difficult to learn programming without
having… being able to try anything that you learn, right?
So, um, Udacity provides
this thing called Workspace.
That allows you to… to…
to run your code.
Yeah.
Whether we have to install any kind of software for Python, or any things regard to install from any… from our
No, you don't need to install anything, and that's the beauty of it. And actually, I urge you to…
If possible, lock into your Udacity, uh, classroom.
Right, so you can try it on your own.
Later on, we're also gonna have, like, a quiz
Where you're gonna have to do things in team.
And do them on your workspace.
So, yeah.
So, um, so this is… this is how the workspace looks like, and…
Um, it's basically running, uh, what you call
a Jupyter notebook environment.
Um, you can run the same environment locally, and this is really good for data analysis.
And I'm gonna show you why this is really good.
So if I click on any of the…
documents created by Jupyter Notebook.
It allows you to, um, create, uh, text-based
cells, which we call marked-on cells.
Okay? And by pressing Ctrl-Enter, it's gonna be formatted nicely.
And it also allows you to create code like this.
So, um, let's create a code cell for now.
And, um, let's just copy, like, this whole thing here.
Okay, so if I… if I run… well, I typed, uh, Ctrl-Enter, which is the same as, like, clicking this button right here.
And it stays true here, um…
Which is the output of the last
Um, the last statement.
So, what it did when I
when I ran this…
code cell is that it ran this code, this entire code.
So if I… if I create another code cell,
And I want to know what's the value of, say, city, for example. I can just
type that variable in.
We'll enter again, and it says Chicago, right?
And this is what makes it really good for data analysis, because, like, um…
Imagine if you have to, like, create, like, the entire applications before…
you're able to see that the results. That's gonna be a bit difficult, right? Especially if
If you have to, um…
you have a lot of, uh,
prior transformations of the data before you can process them.
with this kind of platform.
you don't have to reprocess your data, you can just, like, process your data and…
in, like, a code cell, and then you… and then you can use another cell to…
Um, to interact with the results of your transformation.
Okay, so, um, I made a bit of a mistake there.
Um, the true here is not the result of the last
statement, but this is the result of this statement here, print.
So, print is basically, uh, as the name suggests, it prints out
stuff, right? And you can even print out string.
And you can add string…
into, um…
Uh, you can add variables into your streams.
I usually like to use this format.
city?
Oh, like this.
Like this. Uh, but you can also do things like this.
Did he…
Okay? So… and there are many variations, too, like, into this. So the thing with… with…
with Python. I think it's especially with Python, because, like, I've learned a couple of other programming languages,
But in the case of Python,
The alternatives of doing things,
aren't just, like, so many. So, uh, they kind of modeled Python like an English
an actual English language. There are…
a lot of ways to do.
Uh, the same things in Python.
Alright.
Okay, so, a quick quiz.
Um, what will this code print?
And you can, um, you can try it on your workspace, if you'd like.
Um, okay.
And, um… let me try to…
Um, to…
launch the quiz in Zoom, and bear with me, this is, like, the first time I do it.
Uh… how do I do this now?
Okay, so maybe I need to…
Stop sharing, but how do I stop sharing from here? I wonder.
Oh, there it is.
Okay…
Launch. Okay.
Um, do you… do you get the…
Um, the quiz pop-up on your screen.
Ah, great. Thank you, too, because, like, I saw a couple of answers.
Yeah, it works.
Alright, very good. All of you answered correctly, um, true.
Alright, so that's good. So, yeah, um, this equal… double equal sign, it basically tests for the truthfulness of the statement.
And pulls…
Oh. Okay.
So, um, one person said it will raise an error. That's actually an interesting observation.
Um, do you want to share with me, maybe, uh, why do you think it's going to raise an error?
I… I can't actually see…
I can't actually see who answered that, but…
Um… yeah, okay, sorry about that. Okay, so yeah, um…
I… uh, the correct answer in this case is true.
Because, like, um, and we can, we can actually test it right away.
Let me share my screen again.
So this is literally my… my first…
Uh, my first session that, uh, that I use a quiz, so forgive me if there are, uh,
a couple of hiccups there.
And, um, let's see…
Copy this, and let's create a new code cell.
And just print it up. Okay, so the answer is true.
Alright?
Alright, next. Mmm…
are we now.
Okay, right here. Data structure.
So, um, going back to the…
Um, the… the complex types part.
Uh… it's divided into…
Um, uh, well, for…
for items, uh, four types, but actually, um, complex data types, there are way more than that. There's an infinite number, because you can actually create your own data.
data structures in Python.
Um, by creating… by creating classes and… but we're gonna… we're gonna learn all of that later on in the second part of this… of this course.
For now, let's learn about these four…
um, data structure types.
List, tuple, dictionary, and set.
List is what we call an array of values.
Okay, so in this case, for example, if it sets, um, cities as, um, this…
with these three values.
So, um, what's gonna happen here is that
the CDs variable is gonna have 3 strings.
Chicago, New York City, and Washington.
And we can also append new values,
Um, add new values into it.
And also to remove
existing values from the list.
So, if we copy a code, and…
Here…
What do you think the cities is gonna be like?
Um, there's gonna be…
three values, and it's gonna replace New York City with Los Angeles, as you can see here.
Tuple is just like list.
But the only difference is that it's immutable. Immutable here means, like, you cannot
Um, change the values.
So, whereas in CDs, you can append and remove with tuple, you can't do that. And maybe you're asking,
Uh, why do we even need tuple, then? I can just…
store all of my variables in Listen, because, like, tuple seems…
less powerful than LIST, right?
But, uh, the answer is that tuple… one of the answers is really
Tuple requires…
less memory than, uh, than list.
Although it's really insignificant. You can, of course,
use, uh, use lists for all of your…
array needs.
Um, and it's not gonna cost you that much.
difference in performance.
But the better practice here is…
Um, to use tuple when you know for sure that, um,
that your array is not gonna be…
is not going to be changing in your code.
Okay, and also, personally, I think another…
an AVER…
an even greater value out of using Topol is that
it makes your code more readable.
Like, by reading this, you know for sure that this is not gonna be…
Uh, not gonna be changed, and not gonna be able to be changed later on in the code, right? Whereas if you store it with lists,
Um, you don't know for sure, okay? Other part of the code may change it, and it makes the code a bit
less readable for me.
Dictionary, um…
it allows you to use…
Um, any values as an index of your…
of your… of your array.
So, if you really think about it, um, with
with list, or tuple?
For example, let's just use the list we created earlier.
We can access…
Um, any of the values by using
By using this number.
So, if you really think about it, the numbers here…
are the… are the indexes, right?
But, um, what if we want to…
store, um…
what if we want to use, like, other than numbers as a…
as the index. Well, we can use dictionary for that.
So, in this case…
Your data… this…
Um…
You can…
use…
Um, this, for example.
to get the second value.
New York City… New York City CSV.
So, um, how it's, uh… notice how it's, uh, how it's written.
So it starts with the indexes.
And then, um, the colon…
Uh, the column character.
And then followed by the values.
Right?
And the other, uh, the other one is, um, sets.
is, uh, it's basically similar to Tuple.
But, um…
it's gonna remove the…
the duplicate values.
Well, actually, it's… it's more like… it's more similar to… to list, in the sense that
Um, it's mutable, so you can…
You can add into… into sets.
Just as you can add into the list.
But the only difference is that the values are unique.
So, in this case, if you add…
Actually, I'm just gonna show you here.
If you add, um…
Thursday twice, for example.
It's not gonna show. The value Thursday is still gonna show once.
Okay? Because it attacks…
uniqueness in the… in the valleys.
Okay, the next thing, uh, we usually learn when we learn a new programming language is
control flow.
Okay? Control flow is basically, like, um…
How do you want the program to run? Like, if it has to make decisions?
Um,
what kind of decisions should it make, given the values that it reads?
So, for example, here, um, if we set city to Chicago,
And, um, if…
if the names, uh, Chicago is in city data,
and print this out. Otherwise…
the city not found. Or you can… you can also use what we call loop.
Um, let's just copy this code as usual.
Loop is basically, as its name suggests, um…
it loops through certain code.
So, I just want this code, actually.
Okay, so if I…
If I look through…
city data, for example.
It's going to loop through each of those
values, and in this case, since this is a dictionary, it's only going to loop
through the… the, um, the indexes.
So, the city here, for…
Um, and this is just like English.
You can consider it as saying, for each city,
In the city data dictionary,
Um, print out.
this statement, okay?
And it says, analyzing data for, followed by a city. And you see here, this is another variation of the
of how you can concatenate strings, right?
Earlier, I showed you, um,
using formats and using, um, the
F string. There's…
This is another way of doing that.
Okay.
All right, let's do another quiz.
So, um…
Okay, it's actually quite a hassle if I have to…
Stop sharing all the time. Let's see if I can do…
Oh, I can actually do this without having to stop sharing.
Alright, so here's another quiz.
Uh, given this code, what will it print?
So, how many people have attended? So I know…
0907…
Okay, 6 more…
And as usual, you can also, um…
try, uh, copying this code into the…
Um, well, not copying, type… pre-typing, actually, retyping this.
this code into your workspace.
I think you have given any kind of quiz, pop-up, I mean, we have to select anything?
Because we know the answer, where we need to select
Um, sorry, I don't quite catch your question.
No, actually, you have given this quiz, right? So, whether you… previously you have given the option to select the answer. So, where we have to select the answer
Oh, I assume it's, um…
the… the… the pop-up that you see.
Does this have a…
Alex Collector that you can click.
Pop-up, I didn't get, I think, so…
It should…
I got the pop-up, yeah, I got it.
Yeah, I can see, like, uh, most of you have gotten the pop-up, because I saw that
Most of you have answered.
Okay
Um, maybe it's from the Zoom app itself, if you click on that.
Uh, will it show you a pop-up?
Oh, um, and, um, are you using Zoom from the browser, perhaps?
Yes.
Oh, probably that's why, yeah?
Okay, so… and if you've…
And in that browser app, you can only see
uh… one tap, isn't it?
Yes, but when you have given the previous quiz, right, that time I can able to select
Okay, that's weird. Uh, let me relaunch, and you tell me if now you get the…
the pop-up. Okay.
Yes, please.
Favorite end pull…
And relaunch.
Okay, does it show now?
Oh…
Yes, now we can able to see, okay
Okay, so probably just, um, a quick hiccup.
Alright.
Okay
Alright, so I think all of you have answered, hopefully.
And, um…
Now, the drum roll, and let's see what it's gonna…
Uh, what it's gonna be.
Okay, so, um, this question… this quiz is actually… it has a trap in it.
Because, like, um, I see that some of you, um, selected, um, Chicago Selected.
Which kind of… kind of makes sense, because, like, a city was set to Chicago, so it… it should…
Um, it should, um, logically…
goes to here, right?
Um, if you're speaking in English.
But, uh, apparently, that's, like, the difference between coding and actually speaking.
Well, um, there is no difference if you're using… if you're… if you're chatting to an AI.
But in programming language, um…
In this case, since…
Since a code is read line by line,
So, it starts from reading this line.
And it's… it goes here.
if city, and this statement sounds new to you,
Um,
But what it says is really, if city equals to true.
Okay? And this is a quirk.
That applies, um…
Only in Python, and maybe a couple of other programming languages.
That's any variable that has a value
It always… it always equates to true.
Um, so if I do…
Something like…
Yeah, yeah, even in this code, right?
So, we can… we can say, like, A equals to 3.
Okay? And…
If we have prints,
A equals true?
Okay.
So, in this case, since this is…
Um, this is a…
Um, a number,
It doesn't equate to true, because, like, true…
It can also be converted into the number 1.
But if I… if I change this to this…
to string.
It's… and I remove this part.
Um, wait.
Um… wait, how do I do this?
If A…
Then print…
Hello.
Then, um, this…
also equates to…
True. Okay?
So, A,
Whenever A has a value,
It's going to, um, to be treated as true.
Even… even if when you print it out,
Even if we… when you print it out,
It doesn't want to… it… it…
it doesn't want to, um, treat it as the actual true value.
And this concept in Python is called the truthfulness of the…
Um, of a variable.
Okay? So, a value can be called trueT if it has
if it has a value that is not zero.
So if I set this to… let's just set this to 3, for example.
It will still print zero, right?
And let's do something like this.
Not true. Okay.
But if I set this to zero…
it goes to not true, because, like, zero…
It's the same as, um, not true.
the truthfulness is, uh…
is, uh, is false in this case.
Even minus…
even minus 1 is also considered truthful.
But when you do this…
None? None is…
um, is a placeholder value for nothing. It's the nothingness.
It's not true.
So, the answer to that quiz…
is… Diddy selected.
Because it goes to the dis…
to this line right here.
If I copy this…
paste it here.
It's gonna check that it has a value, the variable city has a value, so it's gonna print out
City selected. Okay.
It's quite important to cover this earlier, because, like, um…
Uh, for beginners, it's usually one of these things that's…
Um, that's kind of confusing, because this is where Python…
differs, uh, from, um, a couple of other programming languages.
Okay, so, um, before we were moving on to the next part, um, do you perhaps have any questions, any of you?
what we've covered so far.
All right. So, let's move on to functions.
So, what are, um, what are functions? Uh, functions allow you to
group a bunch of code together, so you may reuse it in your project.
And, uh, this is what makes it so powerful.
Um, let's actually, um, look at a real code.
something that I've, um…
that, uh, I've been working on.
All right. So, um…
Let's see, uh, any of the Python code.
of this project that I have. It has to do with, uh…
I mean, it's extracting fundamental data from the stock market.
Okay, so you see here?
Any of the code… and this is an actual production code.
Um, uh…
If you see any of…
an actual Python applications,
Uh, you'll see that it normally consists of
real, like, many functions, right? We like to divide
Um, our code into functions, because that makes it…
Uh, that makes our code easily manageable.
Because it has… it has those distinctions. It makes our code modular, like, you can copy and paste
some code into other parts when needed, or you don't even need to do that. You can just import the code and reuse it on other parts.
And it also makes your code more easily readable.
Like you see here, I can create a code.
And then I… I'm gonna, uh… and then I added, um…
some information about that code, and this part is called a code command.
Um, it doesn't run anything, but it…
tells us, as humans,
well, an AI? Like, what's this code?
is going to do, and what it's gonna return.
Right? Okay.
So it's very useful, and you're gonna see it very often when you're working with Python for real.
Okay, so function has a function definition part. It has
positional arguments and keyword arguments, in this case, it has two positional arguments,
And one keyword argument.
It also has a good function, also have duck strings.
Basically, it's a documentation, and you saw that earlier, too, in my actual production code, right?
And then the function code itself?
And then this is how…
you can call a function.
So notice here, the function is called filterByMonth.
And this is how you call that function.
Filter by month, and you're passing in data and months, and you might be asking, how about show summary?
Well, since this is a keyword argument,
If the user doesn't pass anything,
then it's going to be, um, treated.
a default value is going to be set for it. In this case.
of false. Okay.
So…
I hope I can run this code.
Let's see…
Yeah. Okay.
And, um, I'm gonna need to…
Okay, this code, um, cannot run, because, like, it expects…
Um, a pandas…
data frame, which is something that we're gonna learn later on.
But, um, let's… let's just use a simpler function.
Let's say we have…
Data…
And we have a pro…
1, 2, 3…
May…
4, 5, 6, okay?
Very simple.
And filtered data, is this data…
And we get the value of months.
Let's just remove the keyword argument for now.
And we just return filtered data.
Okay.
And I can just remove this.
And I could change this to crit, for example, or even not without, uh, or even removing
this part here.
So, what it does is that it calls this function,
And, um…
it's gonna get the value of data, and you can even pass it
Um, if I… if I replace it with D, for example.
it's still gonna work, because, like, um, this is gonna be, like, the alias of the…
The variable that you passed into the… into this function.
Okay.
the outputs…
Um, the output of a function is then passed into
Um, into the color.
And this is… this is the part where it passes the… it passes the…
the value, and we print them. We print that value out.
Okay. So, next, um, regarding variable scopes…
variables defined in a function,
lives only within that function.
So, for example, if we have…
You have this function, some function word hello,
Hello is only defined within
Um, within this function.
So, printing it is going to return an error.
We define a word.
Uh, if we define a variable,
Outside of that function,
It's gonna show it. Okay?
Make sense?
Okay, so, um, you can…
you can, um, run the print statement inside of that function, because this means, like, the scope
is the same, so the word here…
it works, um…
it… it works inside…
that function.
So, when you do this…
And I call that function,
That is gonna… that's gonna run.
Okay? Alright.
But that's all you need to know about variable scope. It's just like when you write your code,
Um, be careful about, like, how…
Um, the variables are scoped.
Uh, next, lambda expressions, um…
you don't…
have to use this.
But, um, you're gonna see this quite often in many of your code. That's why I find
I feel the need to cover this as well.
Um, lambda expressions, um, are basically the same as functions.
Or more like anonymous function.
So if you have this function, for example,
You can write it in a single line,
by writing it like this.
So, these two are the same.
The multiply function here, and the multiply lambda
function here, these are the same.
Okay?
Um, they are helpful for creating quick functions that are not needed later in your code.
So, if you only want to use this function once,
Well, you… that means you don't need to store it in a variable, right? You can just…
use this part right away.
And inside, um, inside your RAM, it's just gonna be used once, and it's gonna be removed.
And this is, um, this can be useful for higher order functions, or functions that take other functions.
his argument. What does that mean?
So, um, this is an example of a function that
that uses other function as an argument.
Let's actually copy this code.
Okay, I'm gonna also need to copy…
Okay, so let's say you have these two
lists, and you want to create…
Um…
you want to create a, uh…
Um, another list, that is the multiplication of those
of each of those
two values. So the first one is gonna be 1 times 10, that's gonna be 10, and 2 times 20 is gonna be
40, uh, etc.
You can do it like this, um…
like, using the map function.
And then converting the map
into a list.
And you pass this function,
So, notice here that the first argument
of this… of this mapped function.
is a function, okay?
I'll say that again. The argument of the…
The first argument of the map function is a function.
Okay? And the next two…
Here are the…
arguments that are gonna be passed into.
this function. So this is… this is kind of similar to, like,
Running multiply,
Uh, with all of the…
with each of the X valves.
as the first… first argument,
at each of the Y files as the second argument.
And the result is going to be as expected here.
Now, in this case,
Um, you use the function, the lambda function that you created here, right?
But, uh, you…
let's say you don't ever need, and you usually don't need to use this function again.
then you can… you can pass a lambda function directly.
like this. And this was gonna work all the same.
Okay?
Yeah, so another quiz?
And in…
Yeah, yeah, go ahead.
Sorry, quick question. So, if you didn't put lambda, that means
Once you change that, the values keep changing. It doesn't remember
If you didn't put lambda
Mm-hmm. Like this one?
If you change any of the X value, yeah, if you tweak any of them
That means it should keep changing.
Yes, exactly.
Well, Lambda just remembers it won't. Okay.
There, there we go, right?
So, lambda, it only remembers… remembers the function.
the function operation.
You can change the values.
And you can imagine how this can get really powerful, right? Because you can… you can use any values, you can create a function, and that work, uh, that function is gonna work
For, like, any kind of values.
You can expand it further.
So, um, in this code…
Um, this quiz, um, you…
You're definitely gonna need to… to…
to write this in your workspace. This is a good experiment.
And, uh,
And, uh, as the name suggests, it has a…
Uh, it has a few intricacies here.
a lambda trap. There is some sort of…
devious strap here.
Okay, so what will this code print?
So you have a…
Um, you have a, um…
a variable, a list called funks.
Uh, which is a list of
functions, right?
And then you pass…
Look at this here. And then this is, like, the culmination of what you've learned so far.
Uh, this is a list, right? And you append?
a function into this list.
Okay? And then…
For each of…
each of those functions…
You call it, okay?
So… and then this is what's, uh, what's amazing about Python. You can store
functions…
as objects. And you can call
that object. You can… you can give an alias for…
Or a function name.
So you don't have to reuse the same name for your function.
And this is a proof of that.
Yep.
Actually, I did not, the workspace, right? Still, I did not use my workspace, so whether directly we can go and use this workspace, or we have to get any prerecords
Um, you…
Because still, I did not use that, workspace from… in my machine.
Okay.
Okay, I don't actually quite get how…
you can't use your workspace, because, like,
Um, are you able to access the Udacity classroom?
What is it? U-sh…
Udacity. So, if you go to learn.udacity.com,
Yes.
And then log in.
Yes, yes, yes, I can able to log in already. I logged in.
electricity…
Yeah, so if you… if you go to this page, the second lesson…
And a quiz here.
And then you just click on… maybe in your case, it's gonna be start work…
workspace, click on that.
And it's going to open up…
workspace.
Then from there, you can… you can just either use any of the…
Uh, notebooks, or you can create a new…
Item 3 notebook, like this.
Does that work for you?
Yes, I can able to see that,
Workspaces, then we're running that one.
Okay, let me show the code again.
Maybe I can just type it in, yeah?
Um, how do I do that?
Let's see…
Yeah, maybe how to copy paste in the JART message
Yeah, I'm still searching for that. Um… oh, there it is.
Ah, alright.
Sorry.
Okay
And by the way, in Python, the…
the spaces, what we call indentations, the indentations are important.
So, um…
So you might be used in programming languages where
The indentations…
don't matter. Usually, this programming language has, like, a stopping…
character at the end, but, um…
Since Python works even with or without stopping care.
um, characters.
it relies on indentation to… to know, like, which
Um, uh, which…
scope is…
a code line is being nested on.
Alright?
Okay, so, uh, let's try running this code.
So, in this case, uh…
I'm gonna show you what Funks is gonna be.
So, notice here that a function… the funcs variable
Is it going to be consisting of…
multiple lambdas…
lambda functions.
And you can call.
let's say, for example, we… we run, um…
Zero?
It's gonna call the first lambda function, right?
not call, it's gonna…
show. It's gonna print the first lambda function. And we can call that lambda function.
Like this.
Okay, it prints out 3.
And interestingly,
prints out, like, um, 3 for all of the values.
And the reason for that, because, like,
Um, and this is…
how it's gonna differ from…
Um, if you print out a list directly.
So something like this, for example.
It's gonna print 1 to 3, but in this case, all of those are gonna be 3.
Because, like, um…
the loop.
Here, um, is going to keep running until it reaches 3, right?
Whereas, uh, lambda X here,
It doesn't actually store, um…
It doesn't store the previous X values. It only stores…
X as a reference.
Okay? And…
The variable X
Its value is gonna keep changing, right? Until it reaches 3.
So the last X value is 3, and that is what's going to be used in… by… by this…
by any lambda function.
Okay, but any lambda function that is created
Um, in this scope.
That's the reason why it prints out 3.
on all of those three functions.
What does this mean to you? Um, this means, like, um…
when you're working with Lambda functions and…
when you're… when you're calling…
lambda functions in a loop. Just be careful on, like, how they interact.
Because, like, um, the… the values within those lambda functions are not stored within.
Um, as you work more with Python, as you see more Python code, um,
The intuition, uh, you're gonna hone your intuition for this sort of things.
Usually through, um, trials and errors.
So, don't worry if you… if it's… if it… if it feels difficult to remember it for now.
And you don't… you don't have to remember anything in programming.
Uh, well, you don't have to remember most things in programming.
Especially these times. Especially these days, when you have, like, all those…
AI agents, really.
But yeah, but you do need to know, like, at least the basics.
All right, next, uh, scripting.
And, um… this part is probably not super relevant, since you'll be working on chevrons
Uh, chevrons laptops.
Um, but if you do want to install Python locally in your computer,
Um, you can… you can try it trips.
Um, by, like, doing a direct installation?
or Anaconda.
Um, and Anaconda is basically, like, um, a Python environment, which
which manages the package dependency for you.
Um, you can revisit these lessons here, if you…
If you want to learn more about that. So, inside the script.
And this… the optional parts.
In my case, um…
I use Windows, but I prefer to code in Linux.
Um, I use…
Uh, the WSL, which is a Windows Subsystem for Linux, and this is…
What do you say? It's pre-installed
Well, not pre-installed, but it's pre-set.
automatically in…
presets by default in modern Windows systems.
So, the idea is, if I go to my PowerShell, and I type in WSL,
I can enter a Linux environment within my machine.
Okay? And it allows me to use, uh, Python, uh, sorry, Linux-specific
modules, uh, in my applications.
And, uh, instead of Anaconda, I use PureTool and Forepper.
But, uh…
Yeah, if you… if you want simplicity and, uh…
things that allows you to use data analyzes more easier. You can use Anaconda instead.
But, um, in my case, I prefer to use a very low-level
um, systems.
It allows me to build
um, applications, um,
it allows me more freedom, basically.
to build my applications. And that's the reason why I use FirstL and Forever.
And for projects that require deprecated pattern versions, I usually install them using Docker containers.
Docker is, um, is kind of like virtual machine. Well, it's a level above fertile machine.
You can call it like that.
It allows for more isolated resource separations.
But it is a bit more complex to use, so yeah.
And nowadays, you can just use codecs or Cloud Desktop, or, uh, Copilot to set them up for you.
can just basically say, like…
Codex, uh, sets…
set of Python environment for me using Anaconda.
And it's gonna run everything for you.
Um, and to run a Python script,
You can just open up a comment prompt and navigate to the script location,
And then just run the script, uh, by…
with this command, called Python…
Followed by the scripting.
And if you… if you just want to test out some code, you can…
simply run Python to open up Python Interpreter. If I just type
Is Python?
Oh. Okay.
Okay, if I just type in Python…
This allows me to run Python code.
I guess, right?
And I can exit the environment.
So, um, work on here is…
is the way to choose environment using Percival and wrapper. When you're using Anaconda, it's gonna be…
I think it's gonna be Conda Space.
the environment name.
Okay. Okay, the next thing, uh, you need to know about Python is that it allows
importing functions from local scripts.
by using the import statement.
So this is how the code is gonna be like.
So, if you have a script called utils,
the PY, and then you want to import the GetCityData function from it.
You can type this.
So, um, again, if…
again, in a… in a real-world project.
You usually see all of those imports at the top.
So notice here, I import, um…
some functions, some classes from…
From this typing module…
I import, uh, these results, uh,
I don't know, it's either a variable or a function.
From the unit test, uh, module,
And these other functions from these modules.
Okay?
Yep. So, um…
Yeah, you can, um, you can import either local scripts or, uh,
Python modules.
And, um, you can… if you need… if you require more modules, let's say you set up a local system, you don't have
pandas and NumPy yet, you can… you can install it by running this code conda install pandas and pip install pandas.
And then just use it in your code, like so.
So, let's say…
this code, for example, if I create a new code.
code cell?
If I don't have this…
this import statement.
It says PD is not defined.
But if I import the Pandas module and give it an Elias PD,
then it should work, right?
And, uh, you can also use tryExcept to handle errors.
um… like this.
You have… let's see if this can work.
On this code.
All right. So, um…
let's say that… okay, C…
system argument, um, it basically…
um, allows you to run…
Um, to get an argument from a command line.
application. This is something that you're… you're gonna use in your…
in your final pro… in your final project for this course.
So, um, let's see…
So it goes to invalid city name providers, so…
In other words, it goes to this error,
The reason is that, um…
6 ARCV.
So if we do this…
It actually has a…
an argument, so this variable is not empty.
Okay? That's why it's larger than 1.
Right? So it goes… it goes to this.
Uh, it goes to this, um…
scope.
But then, the fir- uh, the second argument…
index 1. If you lower it, which is this argument,
is not a city name.
Right? That's why it goes to…
this value error, invalid city name provided. And that's why it prints out that error.
Okay.
You may catch different types of errors, so these are, like, the types of errors you can use.
Or you can use other types of errors.
And then you can shop for them.
And this documentation?
Those are the types of errors.
Uh, but personally, I use AI agents to help me with those.
Nowadays.
Okay.
And all about debugging, the common way to debug, because, like, uh…
Okay, uh, if you're new to programming, I have to tell you one thing, that, um, don't be afraid to
Uh, don't be afraid of errors. Errors are there to help you.
Um, to get you to the right path.
All right? And, um…
Uh, you will run into errors, so you will have to learn
a proper way to debug your code.
The common way to debug is by printing out some values, and we run your app several times until you corrected the issues.
And for complex apps, this process can be tedious.
Um, with…
With Jupyter Notebook, you can simply create
a code block, and you can…
Uh, you can copy some part of your code there.
And you can print out the statement.
like this, um…
Path 1, for example.
That's 2. So if… let's say we… if we want to know
whether our app is running to this path or this path.
we can just run this code directly, right?
But, uh…
Oh, okay.
Yeah, like this. And then… and it tells you that, okay, so it runs to path 1,
Then, one of these.
So it's easy in Jupyter Notebook environment.
But in a complex application, it might not be as simple.
Um, and therefore, we want to use other methods.
And the PDB module is very useful for that. Basically, it allows you to
to create a brick point.
Uh, when the app reaches a breakpoint, your application is gonna stop running.
And you may write, um, some code and run…
and run them to examine the state of your app.
For example, you may check the value of a variable, or what happens when you've run a ver…
a particular code.
So if you… if you have this function, you can set… you can run a set trace here.
Which means the application is going to stop at this… at exactly this line,
And you can tell, uh, you can find out the value of value and results.
at this step.
It might sound confusing for now,
But, um, uh… but it's… it's pretty useful, so let's… let's do a very quick demo for that.
I'm just gonna use, um…
a workspace.
For the, um…
Uh, for… for the first half of this course.
Which is the Explore U.S. bike share data.
So, um, the kind of funny thing is that, um, in this project,
you're not gonna be using Jupyter notebook environment again.
They're going to be using this, um…
this scripting environment.
Which basically, uh, is the same as creating, um,
an actual Python script and running it, just like… just like running them in your own system.
So if you run… if you create a terminal,
And you can run…
So these are… these are your files, and you can run any of them. Uh, well, you can actually… you can only run the PYs
UI scripts, right? Like, share…
PR. You could use tap for auto-completion, by the way.
Enter. And this is…
This is what you're… you're gonna be working with, and in the first half of the…
of discourse.
Um, please enter a city, you can type in the city name, Chicago, for example.
Enter a month, pay all…
And either day, all day, and it's gonna…
prints out, um, some statistics of that city.
Okay, let's say…
Uh, let's say we are not confident,
about, um, the most common month, okay?
We want to see if this value is true.
Okay, but the application is already… is already written.
And it's difficult to track the code.
Um, one by one, right?
So, that's… that's one case where PDB is going to be useful.
So we can use PDV.
Wouldn't… wouldn't it be good
if… if we can stop the app,
before it prints out
this line. And we can… we can check, uh, where it got that decision.
Okay, so it comes from this, the most common ones, and it comes from this.
So we can do a PDB set trace in this case.
Okay, and this is something that… that…
Um, I think you're gonna use… well, if you're…
coding on your own, uh, in this project.
Okay.
It's like, I cannot stop here. So, I'm gonna create a new terminal.
And we run it.
Okay, so another sphere.
that it shows the code.
right after the…
the PDB, right after the PDB line.
Okay? And you can…
you can investigate any variables that are active at this point.
So, for example, popular months here?
You can just type it in. Popular…
underscore months.
Okay, and see, oh, okay, it's indeed 6. And you can, you can also tell, like, where it came from.
So you can…
Copy and paste this…
be the mode.
DF… months…
Like this… yeah.
So, but… so yeah, so the purpose is really to create a
brick point, and you can view all of the variables created so far.
And that's why it's pretty useful for debugging.
So, um…
We're supposed to have a brick?
Um, but I noticed that we have only 30 minutes left.
So, um…
Yeah, I think, um…
Let's move on, perhaps?
If that's alright?
Let's move on to NumPy and Pandas.
So, numpies and Prandels, I like…
to consider them as siblings.
Really? Well…
Actually, not like siblings, because, like, pandas uses NumPy.
Anyway, I'm gonna… I'm gonna tell you why. Um, so NumPy…
It stands for Numerical Python.
It allows you to perform scientific computing in Python.
And, um…
like, here, for example, it allows you to…
Um, to create an array.
And then, um, it allows you to calculate the mean of
of those values.
And then… do other things, like, uh, create normalization, for example.
So maybe you're asking, why not just use lists?
Well, um, for one thing, uh, lists
can only do a single…
Um, uh…
what do we call it? Single dimension.
Uh, but you can say again.
Well, then… then you can use a list of lists, right?
So, um, well, yes, but, um…
it… the second issue with using lists directly is that it runs slowly,
Uh, compared to when you use NumPy.
So NumPy, in this case, um, it doesn't actually run on Python.
Um, Python acts only as a wrapper in this case. So when you, when you do
NumPyArray, numpy mean,
It's gonna run a C++ code,
Um, to execute the calculation.
Right? And that's what makes it really fast.
It's like, well, we have to face it. Python is really slow,
Uh, but, like, things like modules like this, um, are what makes Python
Um, usable for data science.
Because, like, Python is only the wrapper, but in the backend, you actually use C++,
Much faster. Okay.
Um, I'm not going to cover…
too much on NumPy.
Because, like, the project doesn't use NumPy directly.
But you're gonna use pandas.
Um, that uses NumPy in its inner workings.
So, um…
Okay, so, um, if you're familiar with… if you still remember your, uh, your mathematics, your college mathematics,
There's this concept called metrics.
Which is, like, um, uh…
consider a box that has, like, values in it.
multiple values. Basically, NumPy is useful for creating those
this kind of matrices, and you can perform
calculations… calculations with… with…
with those matrices, right?
And that's what makes it powerful for machine learning.
Um, for example, GPU.
Um, it runs on…
it basically creates a tensor, which is like a
that, um, uh…
a three, uh, three-dimensional matrices.
Um, and…
And it allows for, like, calculations for those values in, like, in, like, a single run. So that's… that's… that's what a GPU does, right?
Basically, it kind of maps your screen into those sensors, and it performs those calculations, and that's the reason why
Oh, it… it can render the…
it can render the visuals on your screen.
considerably quickly compared to when you're using processor.
So, basically, when you need a tool to be able to calculate many values instantly, quickly, at the same time, you use matrices, and that's why you're gonna need
Uh, to use NumPy's. And Pandas…
Um, reps NumPy.
to allow you to use…
um… mattresses, but in the form of data frames. So we, uh…
So… so it basically…
uses, um, tables.
Um, it gives a table abstractions to your data.
Um, this is called a data frame.
And you can also create a column.
which is called a series.
And you can programmatically manipulate these objects.
So, basically, what it allows you to do is, for example, it allows you to import an Excel spreadsheet.
And then you can perform programmatic, um,
operations on the values in that spreadsheet.
A typical pipeline is usually
You load files into Pandas Data Frames,
manipulate them, merge them into a single data frame,
analyze, and then save the merged data frame into another file.
And here's a COVID example.
So, let's just copy this again, as usual.
Okay, this time I'd like to use…
this workspace, so… so, um, the…
appendage lesson, and then…
go to mini-project. You can do this on your end as well.
gonna be… we're gonna be using that for our next exercise.
Okay, actually, let's not use this.
notebook, let's create another one.
New…
Yeah.
So, um, the first step…
is, uh, import.
And this won't run, because we don't have data.csv.
But you can consider, like, a case where if you have a CSV file, for example,
That has, um, an H,
an age column,
And a status column. You can work with that. You can work with those columns like this.
So you can… you can get the age.
And you can also perform
Um, selections, like this.
So, let's say if we want to get all of the
uh, bros.
Um, where the age is lower than 11.
you… we can do like this.
Okay? And then we can also use df.loc.
to, um, to find the locations
And we can edit those values directly.
So in this case, be fine.
Um, all rows where the age is lower than 11, and set the status to children.
We can do that too.
So, um, but there's no need to memorize all of these pandas functions, okay? There are so many of those.
Um, and…
Instead of that, you can just search for…
How do I do something in Pandas? Or you can… you can make use of this, actually.
Marvin AI, the Udacity AI, you can, you can ask questions in it.
Is this just, like, um, well, any…
Um, any AI agents.
It's probably… yeah, okay, yeah.
Yeah, like any AI agent.
Um, it allows you to…
Um, ask, uh, any programming-related questions, and it…
And this AI can reach
and read, uh, this page.
So, for example, um…
I want to know why this has an error, okay?
By…
Oh, actually. Okay, so apparently it can't… it can't read a workspace content.
So you do need to… to copy it and paste it here.
Yeah, okay, so it correctly tells me that the error is in the data or file.
Yeah. Um, feel free to make use of this AI agent, um, in…
completing the exercise, completing the project.
Yeah, and…
If you want to…
it's the old-school way.
You can… you can take a look at the documentation.
And, uh, find out the…
Um, the reference of the functions that you want to use.
Okay.
And I suggest that you at least skim those two pages. I'm gonna send this
presentation as PDF, so you can go to the link.
do the links later on.
Most importantly, this part here, this page.
10 minutes to Pandas. At least read those, the scheme, and well, you have the workspace, so you can…
Sorry, I'll decode, too.
Okay, um, I'm gonna show you a couple of useful functions in
Pandas, that I use quite often.
Versus info. It provides summary of the data frame.
like this, for example, it gives you information on, like, the data types,
Column names, the…
Uh, well, the memory usage…
other things. Describe…
generates the summary statistics, count means there are divisions, etc.
value counts.
I use this very often.
Um, it allows you, um, to count the unique values in a series.
often used to see the frequency distribution of categorical data.
For example, if you have, um…
sitting here.
And… if you…
if you've run the valueCounts function,
You can see the values… the values of the cities,
are… consist of… consist of, like, these three values, New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago.
And the numbers here…
Uh, they show you the…
the number of rows that have this
uh, these values.
Okay. You can also group
by some values, um, and you can do other aggregations.
Okay, um, let's do…
Um, another quiz, um…
mini-projects this time.
And I'm gonna give…
I'm gonna split you into two groups.
And, um… I'm gonna give you…
10 minutes to try out, um…
This… this, uh…
this code here.
If you click on here, here…
Many projects statistics from stock data.
And click on this.
And by the way, um, here's another…
trick with the workspace. If you… if you hold CTRL,
And click here.
It allows you to view the workspace in full screen.
But the problem with this is that it's not going to refresh the session.
So, uh, every once in a while, uh,
click on any of the items here, or do some changes, so that the session won't run out.
But basically, so that, um, it… you can keep using
Um, this full-screen version.
Okay, so, uh, Ctrl-click on… on…
on statistics from stocks data.
And try to complete…
Um, this code, and feel free to copy and paste the code from the solution.
Okay?
You can even, like, copy and paste the code from solutions directly and view the results.
But all I want you to do is then
To answer this question.
Uh, what about…
this code. What is the value?
That is produced by this code.
Right? And…
Let's see if I can copy this.
I'm gonna copy this to the chat room.
And I'm gonna launch the…
Uh, the quiz for the next 10 minutes.
Oh, I need to start with…
brick room.
Okay, so I invited you to two break rooms.
Uh, feel free to chat with one another.
Okay? Um, to complete this project.
Uh, to complete this quiz.
And it's probably, um…
good way to, um, to get to know each other and…
try working together in a team.
All right? So, 10 minutes to work on this.
And, um, we have kind of covered…
kind of covered the project in earlier…
in an earlier, um, slide, so we don't really need to cover these two parts.
Well, we…
We don't need to, uh…
take too much time on these two slides, so…
Let's see.
Alright, I'm just testing this broadcast voice feature.
Um, and uh, basically what you need to do here is to run all the code block, uh, the code cells, and then also add
that code, I just added in the message.
And create another code cell and run it.
Oh. Yep.
Hi, Jay, I think people still in the breakout room. I think some… yeah, so…
Yeah, yes, we have, like, um…
4 more minutes.
Okay.
Oh, uh, tell me a bit more about the breakout room. Are you able to talk within each other in those breakout rooms?
No, no, it's something… I think it's a breakout, I mean, the… just for break, right? I don't know… it was just getting a pop-up to join the breakout
Oh,
I think that's why I just, yeah
Okay, so I… so in those breakout rooms, do you have the…
pop up for the quiz.
Oh, okay.
No, that quiz is for the main room, right? So
Ah, looks like I misunderstood then.
Hi, Jay. I'm not, uh…
Yeah, um, I'm gonna re-invite you guys back.
Yeah, so…
join here
Yeah. Yes.
Hijm audible. I'm not allocated to any breakout room.
Oh,
Could you please allocate me in your room?
Uh, we're… I'm gonna re-invite all of those into the main room anyway.
Um, how do we…
Um…
Well, it requires 60 seconds.
Which section we should go here? You mean…
Um, on this, uh, I'm gonna share my screen again.
Yeah, can you share us, can you show me once
So… this…
Um, this lesson, and this.
Hondas, okay
And go to mini-projects, Statistics from Stock Data.
Click on it.
And, um, go to many projects, that is from stock data, and maybe just open up the solution here.
Specifically, what I want you to do is to run all the code, and…
And to find an answer to this question.
the volatility of the stock.
So, can you share that code which you have that, right, in the group chat, can you share it from… in this group chat?
Yeah. I already shared it.
earlier.
Okay, so is it…
Yes, already shared, yeah.
Is everybody, um, in the main room right now?
Okay, so my apologies.
Um, turns out I misunderstood the use of the break room.
what I thought was, like, the question…
was given to eat, uh…
both of the break rooms.
And then… and then you can answer those quizzes.
Turns out break rooms are just for that, for breaks.
I didn't know about that, I'm sorry, this is my first time using that feature.
So, um, I'm just gonna show you, like, how I will do it. We only have, like, 5 minutes anyway.
Okay. So…
So this is, uh, this is what the task is all about, and from doing this task, um, I… I was hoping that, um, you… you get
to know, uh, get familiarized with Pandas for a bit.
Um, the quickest way to do this is by really running all the cells.
Click here…
And run all.
Okay, so what it does is it really…
It runs all of the cells here.
And then, at the very end,
So, at the very end of this, um…
Good luck. Um, you get…
you get these data sets,
called All Stocks.
Is this, like, the, um, the table that contains the dates as the indexes.
Um, and Google, Apple, Amazon as the, um…
the data itself.
So, um, you'd want to run that code I just gave.
Um, like this one…
your volatility…
And, um, I'm gonna paste it here.
So what it does is, um…
It runs… um, this function.
It finds the standard deviations of all the stocks,
divided by the…
the meme of all the stocks.
Okay? And, um…
If you take a look at REL 4,
Here. It tells you the volatility of
Google, Apple, and Amazon.
And this is, uh…
a feature that we call broadcasting.
So you… you only need to…
um, perform a single function.
Uh, so this single function call,
is being used
Um, to all of the…
And this… this operation is also done throughout the entire
datasets, okay?
That's the concept of broadcasting.
And the IDX Max here…
It finds the maximum value of all these three values.
And the answer is Amazon.
So, Amazon has the highest volatility out of the three.
Okay, I can see that. Most of you got this right, so that's good.
Yeah, apologies again for the, um…
break rooms incident.
We'll… try something else next time.
Mmm… let's see…
So, um, regarding the project itself,
So this is, like, the core of the project. You just need to load the CSV files,
And like what I showed you earlier, you just need to print out the statistics given
Um, given some inputs from the users.
And at the end, don't forget to print 5 rows of data, uh, at
At the end, and then ask if users want to restart.
These are some of… a couple of screenshots.
Yeah, yeah, but, um, you've… you've seen it in action previously, right?
Yep, that's pretty much it.
And, um…
go to, um, if you have the time,
go to this link. I'm gonna share in the messages.
Okay, if I can find it…
Okay…
Um, to share your feedback about this session.
Yeah, uh, thank you for attending the session.
if you have any lingering questions, feel free to ask me right now, or later on in the post.
in a community page.
where to get recording in the PVT.
So yeah, so as mentioned earlier, um, if you…
If you go to the live sessions page,
live sessions link at the top.
Click on that, and then…
Um…
you're gonna be presented with this screen.
And click on Pass Sessions.
Hmm.
You also need step-by-step guide, making the project educative and easy.
Um, the project itself is… it's actually quite straightforward. So, if you look at the lessons…
Um, here. You have practice problems, right?
And the… the…
Um, the functions that you create.
And these practice problems and practice solutions.
And in addition to some other functions,
Um, can be used in the project workspace.
Okay? And if you…
If you even need more help, the Marvin AI is pretty helpful on that area, too.
But yeah. So, um…
Uh, particularly for this session,
Um, since this is Python Basics,
Um, I want to cover…
Like, only the basics of Python.
Because, like, the… the…
the pages, the project pages, in this case, it's already pretty clear, like, the steps by steps there.
Yeah, that's… and this also happens for the next session.
But, uh, for later courses…
Where the project is more complex. I'm going to share with you, like, the…
the step-by-step. So, yeah.
So this is by design, that's, um…
You have to learn the Python fundamentals,
And use them to create the applications.
Okay?
Oh, no, yeah. Um, this…
uh, live sessions are…
are only for this cohort.
Um, in trip…
24 to 48 hours. This session is going to be posted.
Um, I think it shows here…
Yeah, this one. So, 24 to 48 hours.
And yeah, and don't worry at all. I mean, like, if…
If you find yourself struggling with the project,
Uh, feel free to book a one-on-one with me, um, to guide you through the process.
Um, or ask questions in the…
Um, in the, uh, in the community.
Alright? Yeah.
So, you're gonna have all the help you need to complete these projects, I promise you that.
All right, so, yeah, any more questions? And if not, um, again, thank you for attending the session.
And, um, I wish you all the best in completing this program.
Oh. Says…
dropped off in between.
I didn't see that.
Okay, um, yeah, goodbye everyone, feel free to log off.
Thank you. Bye.